DOCS-7142 made edits (#217)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/manage-versions-instances-concept.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

After you create an API in Anypoint Paltform, you configure the version details for the API and then publish it to Exchange. The API version resides in Exchange, and not in API Manager. However, you then manage this API version from API Manager:

image::environment2.png[]

== Managing API Instances in API Manager

You can create, import, and deprecate API instances using API Manager. You can use instances of an API in multiple environments. You can also have multiple instances of an API in the same environment:

//image::jsonplaceholder2.png[]

> You can create one instance of an API that serves as a proxy and create another to directly manage as a basic endpoint. You can apply policies to the API based on how you have configured the endpint. For example, you can apply caching policies to the proxy, and throttling policies and security policies to the basic endpoint. 

Reviewer: version?
```suggestion
You can create one instance of an API version that serves as a proxy and create another to manage directly as an endpoint. You can apply policies to the API based on how you configure that endpoint. For example, you can apply caching policies to the proxy, and throttling policies and security policies to the endpoint. 
```
The example is not an example of the sentence before it, which tells you that you can apply policies to the API based on how you configure the endpoint but does not mention applying policies to the API through the proxy.
It is unclear here which is the dominant/manager instance: the endpoint or the proxy.

Author: Fixed! Thanks!

> Additionally, you can promote an API to another environment.

Reviewer: Is this called "promoting"? Does that mean that you can share the API, create a new instance, or move the API entirely? Can you then change the shared/moved instance independently of the original?

Author: No promote is OK. And promote means that you can move an API from one environment to another, for example, from testing to production.

//(Promoting an API requires Manage APIs Configuration permission to be set for a user.)

== Managing API Versions in Exchange

> You can add, delete, and deprecate API versions, also known as Exchange assets, in Anypoint Exchange (Exchange). An API version in Exchange can have its own RAML file, API Portal, and URL. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add, delete, and deprecate API versions, also known as _Exchange assets_, in Anypoint Exchange (Exchange). An API version in Exchange can have its own RAML file, API portal, and URL. 
```
This text reads as if it were introductory information about versioning. Should it be moved up in the text chronology?

Author: No it is Ok where it is because it is about what you can do with an API version.
